https://luvvoice.com/terms-of-service


Last Updated: December 13, 2023


Introduction

Before using the services, please read these terms of service carefully. Your
access to and use of the services is conditioned upon your acceptance of and
compliance with these terms. These terms apply to all visitors, users, and
others who wish to access or use the services.

By accessing or using the services, you agree to be bound by these terms. If
you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not be able to access
the services.


Our Services

Luvvoice® offers a state-of-the-art AI voice creation technology and online
platform. You simply type or paste in the text you want to convert to speech,
and Luvvoice will produce an audio file with a lifelike voice that can be used
for a variety of purposes, such as videos, podcasts, and presentations.

We offer a range of voices and languages for you to choose from, as well as
the ability to adjust the speed, pitch, and volume of the voiceover. You have
complete ownership of the audio files you create, and the content with which you
create the audio files.


Obligations

By using the services, you confirm that you meet the following conditions:

    You are at least the defined minimum age;
    You only have one Luvvoice account that uses your real name;
    You have not been previously restricted from using the services by Luvvoice.

"Minimum Age" means 16 years old. However, if the law requires that you must
be older for Luvvoice to lawfully provide the services to you without parental
consent (including using your personal data), then the minimum age is such older
age.

You agree to: (a) use a strong password and keep it confidential; and (b) not
transfer any part of your account. You are responsible for anything that happens
through your account unless you close it or immediately report misuse.


Rights and Limits

Between you and Luvvoice, the content and information that you submit to the
services belong to you. However, you grant Luvvoice a transferable license to
use, copy, modify the following account details such as full name, email, and
billing details, without any further consent, notice, or compensation.

The rest of your data is stored in encrypted format, with end-to-end access only
belonging to you. Because you own your content and information, and we only have
non-exclusive rights, you can choose to make it available to others, including
under the terms of a Creative Commons license.


Termination

Both you and Luvvoice can terminate this user agreement at any time with
notice to the other. Upon termination, you lose the right to access or use the
services.

The following remain effective after termination: our rights to use and
disclose your feedback; disclaimers and limitations of liability, arbitration,
class-action waiver, and jury waiver, applicable law and dispute resolution,
and parts of the user agreement; and any amounts owed by either party prior to
termination remain owed after termination.


Accounts

When you create an account with us, you must provide us with information that
is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a
breach of the terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account
on our services.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the
services and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your
password is with our services or a third-party service. You agree not to
disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon
becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.


Purchases

If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the
service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant
to your Purchase including, but not limited to, your credit card number, the
expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping
information.

You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit
card(s) or other payment methods(s) in connection with any Purchase; and
that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct, and complete. By
submitting such information, you grant us the right to provide the information
to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Purchases.


Changes to Price and Subscription Plans

We reserve the right to modify or replace these terms at any time. If a revision
is material, we will try to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new
terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at
our discretion.

By continuing to access or use our services after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to
the new terms, please stop using the services.


Where your data is sent

Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
